Docs Kubernetes Polish and Clarifications (#7819)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/kubernetes-access/helm/includes/helm-install.mdx

- [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) >= v(=kubernetes.major_version=).(=kubernetes.minor_version=).0
- [Helm](https://helm.sh) >= v(=helm.version=)

(!docs/pages/includes/permission-warning.mdx!)

## Step 1. Install Helm

> Teleport's charts at minimum require Helm version 3. [Helm installation instructions are located here](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport's charts at minimum require Helm version 3. Follow the instructions in the [Helm installation guide](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/).
```

<Admonition type="note" title="Note">

> Throughout this guide, we will assume that you have the `helm` and `kubectl` binaries available in your `PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this guide, we will assume that you have the `helm` and `kubectl` binaries available in your `PATH`.
```

## Step 2. Add the Teleport Helm chart repository

> Allow Helm to install charts from hosted Teleport Helm repository by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to add Teleport's Helm repository:
```
